Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
According to testimonies from residents
and people in the area.
smoke can be seen.
Smoke rising
from several kibbutzim
and communities near the border.
In some of the places
we're receiving reports
of houses and vehicles going up in flames
following events that took place there
during the morning hours.
Residents who manage
to contact relatives
and also us. the media...
Fuck!
...from inside the houses and safe rooms...
- Goddammit!
Stop. stop. stop. stop.
Stop!
Okay?
Fuck.
Whoa. Fuck. what is this thing?
Bro. what's happening to us? What is this?
Everything's falling apart on us.
Fuck.
A little more and we're there.
Is this your kibbutz? - No. but I
know a lot of people here.
A little more. a little more.
A little more.
I know the family here.
We'll grab a phone. call for rescue.
Come.
Code Red. Code Red.
Come press here.
Press.
Shaul.
Shaul. it's Eli.
Hagit's Eli.
Shaul. Shaul?
Might and greatness to Allah!
- Allahu Akbar!
Everyone stay together.
don't scatter.
Someone needs to help him
bring the weapons.
He'll help him.
Tell him to come in when he arrives.
Let's go!
Eliyahu.
Move forward!
- What's going on there?
Come on. guys!
There's some old man on the roof.
picking them off.
Come. let's get you out of here.
My sweet. raise your hand.
Raise your hand. my love.
Stay with me. okay?
Mom. - What? - Check your
phone. the cameras.
I don't have. I have no battery.
Open the door. I'm telling you.
- Ben. sweetie. stay with me.
stay with me.
Open your eyes.
Open your eyes. okay?
We'll be okay. Open your eyes.
open your eyes. Good.
Ahlan. Maher.
What's the situation?
- They're holed up inside. those sons of dogs.
Iyad. we don't have time.
Burn the house.
Yalla. burn the house.
Let the infidels die however they want.
Go over there...
Code Red. Code Red.
Code Red...
Yosef. we only want the soldier.
I promise we won't harm you.
There's no soldier here.
Just me and the children.
Then who's that in the picture?
What? - He's asking
about Avihai's picture.
Tell him he's dead.
that they killed him.
He's dead.
- Really?
We missed our chance.
Then open up so I can see.
and if he's not there.
I promise I'll leave you alone.
I'm telling you.
there's no soldier here.
Just the woman and the children.
Mercy.
mercy of Muslims for Muslims!
Do not kill the soul that God has forbidden.
except by just law.
said God. may He be praised and exalted.
Do not kill an elderly man.
nor a child. nor a woman.
Kill the Jews...
Ben. stay with me.
Look at me.
Stay with me. okay?
Okay?
Open your eyes. sweetie.
It's hot. - Mom.
they're burning us.
Allahu Akbar!
Kill the Jews!
What is that?
Stop. stop. stop.
Stop. stop.
Come! Come!
Everyone. run!
Run!
Careful. careful. careful.
- They're behind us!
Drive. drive. drive. bro.
They're behind us. they're behind us.
What is this? What? What? Where did you come from?
- From the party. bro.
What party? What party?
I'm with you. bro.
I'm with you. bro. Come.
What's going on here?
Come.
A little more. come.
Code Red. Code Red.
Eliyahu. go home.
Slowly. Got it?
Goddammit.
Code Red.
Eliyahu. I'll be okay. bro.
Go to Hagit.
Stop talking nonsense.
- Go to her.
Oh.
Look at me.
Lift your head.
Lift your head a little.
Slowly.
Code Red. Code Red.
Maher!
The army has arrived.
They're near the gate of the settlement.
Let them choke on the smoke
and if they don't come out within a few minutes.
burn it all.
I'll be okay. bro.
Go to Hagit.
Bro. I'm serious.
Go home.
How bad is my condition?
We'll dance at your wedding.
Give me your hand.
Put it here.
Move your hand.
Eliyahu. Eliyahu. look at me.
Don't waste energy. press down. - I'll
be okay. bro. - I know.
Go to Hagit. go to the kids.
I promise you.
I'll survive to my wedding. - For sure.
Hey. hey.
Robert Danino.
look at me.
Hey. look at me.
Danino.
Stay with me.
I'm going to find a phone
and I'll get you out of here.
Eliyahu.
Thanks for staying. bro.
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Who are you?
- Emergency response squad.
We saw you come in here.
Where did you come from?
Where are the rest of the forces?
Shin Bet. We engaged at the fence.
We're the forces.
Do you have a phone? A radio?
I need to get out of here.
Man. the whole kibbutz is full of terrorists.
I have to get to my family.
- Don't go out there.
Watch over my friend.
Abu Hassan. don't kill them!
Who told you to slaughter him?
Kill all the Jews!
Tank. Ahmad. run!
Faster. faster!
Run. Ahmad. there's a tank!
Run. Ahmad!
There are Jews here!
Allahu Akbar!
Slaughter them!
By the door. kill them!
Get out. get out. get out. get out.
Come. come. come. come. come.
Careful.
She's wounded. she's wounded.
What's going on here?
- What is this madness?
Yalla. Doron. come.
Let's move on to Hagit.
What? What are you doing. man?
- We have to go back. bro.
There are lots more people there. - Where
is it? - What "where"? Hagit. Doron.
They're slaughtering them.
We have to go back.
My friend is there. bro.
I have to go back.
Listen. there are police here.
Talk to them. okay?
We need to get to our
friend. man. Come on. get out of the car.
It's a few minutes. bro.
They're killing them. I saw it.
I'm begging you. - Get out of the car. brother.
Get out of the car. - Leave him alone.
What "leave him alone"?
We need to get to Hagit.
They're killing them. There are children there.
What do you want?
It's a few minutes from here.
We need to move on.
You said we'd get to Hagit.
Bro. they're massacring them.
Doron.
Doron. listen to me. come on.
Listen to me. we're making a mistake.
What don't you understand?
Quick. come on!
- There. run to him!
Yoni!
Come on. come on! - They're shooting at us!
- Run already. run!
Yes. yes. Yes. sweetie. I'm on my way
to you. I've got the location.
Listen. they're 100 meters from here.
past the orchard.
hiding inside a garbage dumpster.
Bro. Steve.
Five minutes. I'll grab her
and we fly to Hagit.
Come.
Quick! Quick!
Hey. - Don't shoot.
Don't shoot. please.
Hey. it's okay. we're Israelis.
Get back.
- Thank you.
They're there.
50 meters from here. Inside the dumpster.
Take this.
You stay behind me the whole time. okay?
Remember. behind me.
Come.
Allahu Akbar!
- Allahu Akbar!
Help.
Save me.
Please.
Is anyone here?
No. No. no. no. no.
no. no.
There. in the dumpster.
Come.
Do you see her inside?
She's in a red dress.
Roni. Roni.
Roni. I'm here.
Bro. they're packed in there.
They can't move.
Climb up. get her out.
Roni. Roni. I'm here.
Give me your hand. Roni.
Come on. fight!
Roni? Roni. come.
Come. I'll get you out of here.
Don't breathe.
Allahu Akbar!
- Mom. - What. sweetie?
Like this? This is how it ends?
- No way. my sweetie.
They'll come soon.
They'll come here soon. sweetie.
I'm sorry that...
I'm sorry I didn't put
the cake back in the fridge.
I didn't have the energy.
- When do you ever have the energy. sweetie?
It's all good. I'll settle the score with you
for that later. okay?
But stay with me now.
Stay with me. my beautiful. okay?
Open your eyes. open your eyes.
Open your eyes and stay with me.
- Okay.
Hagit. we won't survive.
You have to get out.
Drive.
I'll talk to them.
I'll buy time.
You get out through the window.
I'll be fine with them.
They won't touch me.
I'm a Muslim.
They don't want me.
They only want you.
Does your phone work?
Check the cameras for where they are.
There were... two more.
Where are they?
There.
- Okay. okay.
They're persistent.
We're coming out.
I want to talk to you.
And the soldier is with me.
Maher!
You. go get water!
Okay. okay.
Okay.
Here they come.
I'll draw them away.
you have to take the children.
Yosef. I don't know. - You
have to get out. - I don't know.
You have to get out!
Iyad. what's going on here?
They want to come out.
Finally.
Khalas. I promise you.
we won't do anything to you.
We follow the path of Allah.
Yalla. Yosef habibi.
Yalla. open the door.
Open it.
Everyone stay together.
don't scatter.
Where are they? - In the name of Allah. the Most
Gracious. the Most Merciful. - Where are they?
You son of a bitch!
- I bear witness that there is no god but Allah...
Come. you son of a bitch. come.
There's no one. you son of a bitch?
Enough.
Doron. are you with me?
We're at Hagit's in a second.
We're here.
Just don't look at them.
- Mom.
What do you want to do with them?
Samir. there are two more on the other side.
She's just a child.
She's 17.
She's not a child anymore.
I'll go with you.
It's all okay. sweetie.
Stay with Ben. okay? - Okay.
Stay together. - Okay. - Good.
Cease fire! Don't shoot!
Banasouli! It's me. Eli!
Don't shoot!
Cease fire! Cease fire!
Banasouli. what's going on?
Why are you out here?
Why aren't you going inside?
The whole kibbutz is smoke.
- He's one of ours. he's one of ours.
Why aren't you going inside.
turning the whole kibbutz upside down?
What's wrong with you?
Banasouli. what's going on here? Who are you?
I'm here. I live in the kibbutz.
I know it.
Let me go in for a moment.
- Man. we have forces inside
and we're trying to get a situational picture.
Okay. I understand you.
Okay. - It's a complex incident.
A complex incident. People are dying here.
and you call it an incident?
Let me see what's going on here.
- Man. man.
Okay. let me see what's going on.
Hello!
Code Red. Code Red.
Code Red.
Doron. Doron.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I left.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610